hey there this is Matthew Curran with
the trance performance automatic tuning
unit guitar yeah this thing Tunes itself
from a touch of a button as you can see
has a LCD screen up here which clarifies
which tunings I'm selecting and this
great invention was invented by Neil
skin many many moons ago it's really
great cuz it's a good versatile
and really efficient in making tuning
changes so right now we have a standard
440 if you want to tune to 430 like Jimi
Hendrix just press this button right
here
drop it instantly that's not all I can
do even go to an open G it's a lot of
open ports
and we have a lot of dissonant tunings
you would play like the rain song
also a new quarter
to intuit d9
it's a beautiful tuning it's a ii-v ii-v
and a lot of the same notes everything
and that pretty much covers my favorite
tunings this is the transfer Foreman's
unit and I'm at the current